PubExchange Privacy Policy

Introduction

On The Vine Media, LLC ("PubExchange") provides this privacy policy which applies to information collected through the website located at the domain PubExchange.com (the "Site") accessed via computer, mobile device, or other technology (collectively, the "Service").

Modifications of Privacy Policy

PubExchange reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this privacy policy at any time. The updated version will be indicated by an updated "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this page and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. If we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

Information We Collect Automatically

Unless you are a registered user of the Service, PubExchange does not automatically collect personally identifiable information in connection with your use of the Service. Whenever you visit or interact with the Service, PubExchange and our third party tracking-utility partners may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect information about how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include the page visited, the time, referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP requests. This statistical data provides us with information about the use of the Service, such as how many visitors view a specific hyperlink, and which hyperlinks, if any, they click on. PubExchange and our third party tracking-utility partners may also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, time stamp and referring pages, but does not identify individual users. PubExchange uses Log Data to monitor use of the Site and the services we offer.

Information You Provide To Us

When you sign up for the Service or otherwise communicate or interact with us, we may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as your name and e-mail address (collectively this information, along with any other information you provide us is "Personal Information"). If you are accepted to become a customer of PubExchange, we may request additional information from you via customer application forms, insertion orders and other forms. If you do not want your Personal Information collected, please do not submit it. You may change your Personal Information at any time or request to have it deleted from our system by emailing legal@pubexchange.com and describing the changes you would like to make.

Cookies

If you are a registered user of the Service, PubExchange may use Session Cookies (as defined below) to keep you logged in to the Service. "Session Cookies" are small text files that PubExchange server's transfer to your computer's hard disk. Session Cookies are temporary and should be deleted automatically from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site.

Use of Information

PubExchange uses your personally identifiable information collected for a variety of business purposes described below. PubExchange processes your information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.

We use the information we collect or receive:

•	To protect our Services. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Website safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
•	To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.
•	To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
•	For other business purposes. We may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve the Service. We may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. We will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.

Sharing of Information

We may process or share your data that we hold:

•	When you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
•	When it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
•	To fulfill the terms of our contract, when we have entered into a contract with you.
•	When we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
•	When we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
•	In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.

If any or all of the assets of PubExchange are acquired by, or merged with another entity, PubExchange will share with this entity some or all of the information collected through the Site.

PubExchange may also share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics and Usage Information with third parties. We may combine your Usage Information with those of other users of the Service in order to share trend information with third parties, always in aggregated and anonymized form.

Links to Other Sites

When interacting with the Service, if you click on a link to a third party web site, you will be subject to their privacy policy and the company operating the web site may place a cookie or other files on your computer.

Security Of Your Information

We maintain tight controls over all the data we collect, retaining it in secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. When you enter sensitive information (such as login credentials) we encrypt that data via SSL encryption. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain features of the Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please remember that unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure, so although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via the Service; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.

Removal of Personally Identifiable Information

Based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please sending an email to the address listed below with the subject line of "PubExchange Data Removal Request" and the name of the publication you are associated with. We will respond to your request within 30 days.

Contact

legal@pubexchange.com

Version Control

https://github.com/pubexchange/legal